Thousands of demonstrators have marched through London to protest the war in Iraq and demand the withdrawal of British troops from that country .
Families of soldiers killed in the conflict joined the protesters who carried banners with such slogans as " Bush Number One Terrorist " and " Stop the Bombings . "
They marched from the Houses of Parliament to a rally in Hyde Park .
Police put the number of marchers at 10,000 while organizers claimed it was 1,00,000 .
The protest comes on the eve of the annual conference of Britain 's ruling Labor Party in the southern English seaside resort of Brighton .
The party is divided over Britain 's participation in the Iraq conflict and the continued deployment of 8,500 British troops in that country .
The London march came ahead of anti-war protests today in other cities , including Rome , Paris , and Madrid .
The International Atomic Energy Agency is to hold second day of talks in Vienna Wednesday on how to respond to Iran 's resumption of low-level uranium conversion .
Iran this week restarted parts of the conversion process at its Isfahan nuclear plant .
Iranian officials say they expect to get access to sealed sensitive parts of the plant Wednesday , after an IAEA surveillance system begins functioning .
The step will allow the facility to operate at full capacity .
The European Union , with U.S. backing , has threatened to refer Iran to the U.N. Security Council , which could impose sanctions if it finds Tehran has violated the Nuclear Non-Proliferation treaty .
Iran 's new President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Tuesday that European incentives aimed at persuading Iran to end its nuclear fuel program are an insult to the Iranian nation .
Two Germans and four Nigerian oil workers were kidnapped by armed militants during a raid on a boat in Nigeria 's southern oil-rich Delta region .
An official with the German firm Bilfinger Berger , Thomas Horbach , said the gunmen stopped the supply boat Wednesday as it sailed from Delta State to Bayelsa State to inspect an offshore oil field owned by Royal-Dutch Shell .
The German firm works as a sub-contractor for Shell .
Militant groups frequently attack oil operations in the Niger Delta to demand social services and better job opportunities from multinational companies .
Poor residents often complain they have been cheated out of the huge riches extracted from their tribal lands - where the bulk of Nigeria 's 2.3 million barrels of petroleum are pumped daily .
Suspected Islamist rebels have fired mortar shells at the palace used by Somalia 's interim President Abdullahi Yusuf Ahmad .
It was not immediately clear if the president was in the palace in Mogadishu when the attack occurred or if anyone was hurt .
Local news reports said at least five mortar shells hit the palace compound and other mortars were fired elsewhere in Mogadishu Wednesday .
The attacks occurred after the government said it will go ahead with a reconciliation conference to which more than 1,300 Somali elders , warlords and politicians are invited .
Iraqi military officials say tanks and troops have arrived in the northern city Mosul for a new offensive against al Qaida in Iraq fighters .
Officials will not say how many troops have arrived in the Sunni Arab and Kurdish city , where bombings last week killed at least 34 people and wounded more than 200 .
U.S. commanders have not explained how American forces will participate in the offensive .
Officials say al Qaida in Iraq fighters have fled successful campaigns against them in Anbar province and Baghdad to other northern provinces .
Mosul is the largest city north of Baghdad and has long been a stronghold of Sunni militant fighters .
In other violence , U.S. officials said one American soldier was killed while on patrol in Baghdad Sunday .
Egyptian police have arrested at least 16 members of the opposition Muslim Brotherhood as parts of the country prepare for parliamentary runoff elections Saturday .
The arrests occurred Friday in Alexandria .
A spokesman for the Brotherhood said the arrests are an attempt to cut the Brotherhood off from its supporters and punishment for winning parliamentary seats in earlier elections .
The Muslim Brotherhood has tripled its strength in parliament in recent elections , raising the party 's total to 47 seats .